Step By step what i have done to create this website.
1) installed the react app. by doing npx create-react-app frontend
2) I deleted the files and code i dont need
3) created pages 
4) created Home page
    imported react from the react library
    created a functional component named home
    exported Home component, to make it accessible everywhere
5) i then updated my App.js page, by removing all the code
    i then imported react from react library
    i then did npm install react-router-dom, which has many functions, like display the web pages and allow users to nagivate through the pages
    created functional component called App, and the App component as default, making it accessible everywhere.
    imported the react-router-dom, especially Browser Router as Router, Routes and Route. This keeps UI in sync with the URL.
    i then imported the Home page by:
        importing the home component by doing 'import home', and then located where i imported the component, in this case, "from './Pages/Home';"
    I then wrap the app in Router, which allows routing, and then have it be wrapped in routes
    i then define the actual route or path, where when the path is '/', which is the root path, the Home component is rendered. 
6) i then updated the Home page, to ensure that home page is successfully rendered, by returning the heading "Home page".
7) i also added an about, services nad contact pages, the same way as the home page
8) i then created a navigation component, where, i imported link from react-router-dom, as well as all the pages, Home, About, Services, Contact
9) i then created a function called Navigation, and returned a wrapped links, under the class name "Navigation"
10) i then created a Link, which is wrapped in a list,  where if the path is set as default (/), then it shows the hope page when the user first loads the website
    equally, once the user clicks on the 'about' link, it redictes them to the about page, as the path is set as '/about'
11) i then added the navigation componenent in App.jsx, which then displays the list of links on all pages.
Errors I have experienced:
1) whenever i try running my website, by doing npm start, it keeps saying "co/frontend/node_module/.bin" not recognised.
    i had fixed this error message by renaming the folder from Israt Jahan & Co to Israt Jahan co, 
        & interfers with the command-line and seperates it.

